This is a Wordpress theme for the 2011 Priceless Campout. The standard Wordpress
Twenty Ten theme was used as a starting point.

Here are notes on how to use it:

# How to awesome-ify the Priceless site

## Images on Pages

If you add images, size them to Medium and align them None. That will make a
nice image that spans the whole text column. landscape photos will look much
better, so stick to those.

## Menu

The site menu is controlled through Navigation -> Menus. You can include any
pages you like and leave the rest out. Reorder, etc.

## Right Sidebar

The right sidebar is controlled through Appearance -> Widgets. You can add or
remove any widgets you like, here. In our installation, the Text widget is used
to highlight important information, like the date of this year's event.

Note that there is both a “primary” and “secondary” widget area. The primary
widget area currently just has the date label as mentioned above. The secondary
widget area has our search box and Twitter feed. These are separated out into to
widget areas so that in the narrow version of the site, we can hide all the
stuff in the secondary widget area.

## Twitter Feed

As mentioned above, the Twitter feed is in the secondary widget area. Open it up
to see the Javascript API call that pumps out the feed. If you can hack JS, you
can mess with that directly. The tweets in the list are all the posts added as
“Favorites” in the falseprofitllc Twitter account. Just log into that account
and star/favorite Priceless-related tweets to make them show up there.

## Backgrounds

Every time a page is loaded on the site, a random image is chosen out of our
“memories” collection and scaled to fit the background. Here’s how to curate
that collection:

   * To see the collection, to Pages, then edit the “Memories” page.(1) Click on
the big gallery area in the editor and click the icon in the upper left, titled
“Edit Gallery.” There are a couple other ways to get to this, as well. The
Gallery tab contains all the background images.
   * To delete, click the Gallery tab and then Show on any image to get to its
delete button.
   * To upload an image, click the From Computer tab and Select Files to
upload. These will appear in the gallery.
   * To create a background image, do your best to make it as tiny as
possible. Resize the image to be 320px on its larger dimension. Blur the image
Gaussian to 4px. And then “save for the web” using about 50% quality for your
JPG file. Most files should fall between 15KB and 20KB with these settings.

(1) The Memories page is just another page on the site. What gives it its
  	special background-image-collecting powers is a custom field called
  	“isMemoriesPage,” which is set to true.